project name: Disaster at the Lab (placeholder for now, might change later)

created by: 
- redthered279
- blendkitty

story:

the scientists at SciCorp (a military science cooperation funded by
the government) has successfuly created a new powerful and hyperintelligent android, 
The Tormenter XK900! Unfortunately, while XK was performing its final test,
a power outtage occurs at the lab, and an explosion is heard, followed by
gunshots.

the scientists running the test abandonded theist position, leaving XK on
its own, and it started to wander around trying to figure out what's going on

suddenly, a nearby monitor turns out, and it displayes a seemingly frieghtened scientist, his name is Mr. Goodguy
he tells XK that several subjects of experiments has escaped containment and has started
killing everyone in the lab...

the scientists begs XK to help, and he looks and sounds helpless, he asks XK to locate and terminate
all the subjects and save him and whoever is left alive, if there's any
the nearby elevator opens up, and XK walks into it, starting the game

there are 4 floors to the game, each ending with a boss battle, the player is free to choose any floor to play,
except the forth floor, which is the final floor and is intended for the final boss

clearing a floor will reward the player with a new ability, in exchange with an ability or stats
cleaering a floor will cause some of that floor's enemies to spawn in other floors

FLOOR 1: The GremBots
this floor is overrun by small robots named GremBots, they're very aggressive and will try to sabotage XK
for its body parts, the final boss of the floor is one GremBot who ammassed a lot of powerful attachments and parts
its name is GrimBot

FLOOR 2: Organic Masses
this floor is overrun by sentient chunks of meat with an eye and a mouth, they're very scared and they will attack XK in self defense
the final boss is The Mother, a creature that gives birth to smaller chunks of meat

FLOOR 3: Hell on Earth
this floor is on fire! XK must dodge and the flames as it tries to reach the final room of the floor
the final boss is XK8000, the previous model of XK9000 who was sabotaged to shoot fire at everyone

FLOOR 4: The Escape?
this floor is a combination of the previous floors
the final boss of this floor is... Mr. Goodguy? apparently, the AI overseer who runs this building has gone rogue and it tricked XK
by faking a scientists' identity, and now it's trying to escape the building using XK's body. it will use a creature
who's the combination of all the previous bosses